[FIX] `load_confounds`: Raise an exception when all volumes are scrubbed (#4558)
nilearn/nilearn: doc/changes/latest.rst

Changes
-------

> - :bdg-dark:`Code` Warn the user :func:`nilearn.interfaces.fmriprep.load_confounds_scrub.extract_outlier_regressors` if ``sample_mask`` is empty (all volumes are scrubbed) (:gh:`4558` by `Victoria Shevchenko`_).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :bdg-dark:`Code` Warn the user when all volumes would be scrubbed when loading fmriprep confounds as this would lead to an empty ``sample_mask`` (:gh:`4558` by `Victoria Shevchenko`_).
```

Reviewer: I double checked and extract_outlier_regressors is not in the public API of nilearn and that's why sphinx cannot find a reference to it and is throwing an error in the doc build. Not mentionning the exact function should fix it.

> - :bdg-dark:`Code` Throw error in :func:`nilearn.signal._handle_scrubbed_volumes` if ``sample_mask`` is empty (:gh:`4558` by `Victoria Shevchenko`_).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :bdg-dark:`Code` Throw error if ``sample_mask`` is empty when scrubbing an fMRI time series (:gh:`4558` by `Victoria Shevchenko`_).
```

I suspect the doc build was failing because we were referencing a private function: not naming the function should solve this (also private function can be renamed at any time so this way we do not have to update the changelog if this function is renamed in the future).
